- [x] PChang blurb
  - I'd like to introduce our speaker today, Philip Chang. Philip was awarded his PhD from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 2017, where he worked on the ATLAS experiment at CERN. I remember him fondly as a major player in the first measurement of Higgs boson decays to WW. Philip worked especially on Higgs produced via vector-boson fusion, which was one of the first ATLAS Higgs measurements to rely on machine learning, which was very cool and exciting at the time. 
  - Now, Philip is a postdoc at UCSD, where he's been since graduating, and having switched to the CMS experiment, also at CERN. As a postdoc, he has worked on developing parallelizable tracking algorithms for the future of the experiment, and he has been one of the driving forces of triboson physics at the LHC, which I hope sounds familiar to some people in the audience, since Harvard worked on triboson for the ATLAS experiment. Today, he'll tell us about exactly that: an exciting new triboson result from the CMS experiment. Please, Philip, take it away.
  - <del>Philip is a postdoc at UCSD, where he's been since 2017, working on the CMS experiment at CERN. He has worked extensively on triboson physics, which I hope sounds familiar to some people in the audience, since Harvard worked on triboson physics for the ATLAS experiment. Philip was awarded his PhD from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 2017, where he also worked on multi-boson physics, but in first measurements of the Higgs boson decays to WW*, especially via vector-boson fusion.</del>
  - <del>today he'll tell us about an exciting new result from the CMS experiment at CERN: the observation of tribosons.</del>
  - [x] Send it to him!

- [x] Figure out why the pad trigger swROD break after 512 events!
  - https://gitlab.cern.ch/atlas-tdaq-software/swrod/-/blob/bedf1f8/src/core/GBTModeWorker.h
  - https://gitlab.cern.ch/atlas-muon-nsw-daq/NSWTPPlugin/-/blob/master/NSWTPPlugin/NSWTPPlugin.h#L37
  - https://gitlab.cern.ch/search?utf8=✓&search=mask&group_id=&project_id=65113&search_code=true&repository_ref=master&nav_source=navbar
  - https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/ATLNSWDAQ-161

- [ ] Meetings
  - [ ] AW
  - [ ] TP
  - [ ] MF
  - [ ] H
  - [ ] SUZ
  
- [ ] pFEB-PT connectivity area
  - [ ] Make an issue for a new partitionboi
  - [ ] Put latest commits into partitionboi master?
