### Todo

- [x] Push some config_files
  - [x] config_json
  - [x] opc_xml
  - [x] elink_config
- [x] Make a dotfiles repo
  - [x] Tell LL/CB
  - [x] Put some dotfiles in there
- [ ] Lorne feedback
  - [x] Email
    - [x] Attached are updated diagrams.
      - [x] elx overview
      - [x] global sync
      - [x] EK modules
    - [ ] Global Sync: the two blocks shown are too low-level and not very helpful. The attached would be better, even if incomplete. I’ll make a diagram for you. OCR needs to be defined as Orbit Count Reset, delivered at a specific BCR by the TTC.
    - [x] I didn’t catch if you explicitly mentioned that the L1A readout is working (with bug) and various tests rely on it, e.g. Slide 14
    - [x] Slide 15: only 1 fiber connection => only 1 fiber connection per sector
    - [x] Slide 26: Some pieces ready => Most pieces ready
  - [x] <del>Talk at 12:00</del>
  - [x] Slide 8: Add somewhere: up to 8 segments from MM, up to 4 from sTGC merged (duplicate removal) to up to 8 for SL
  - [x] Slide 9: will prepare diagram for this slide to show how inRun state transition is activated.
  - [x] Slide 10: if you can, replace with V12 (also in Slide 29). Shouldn’t this slide be after slide 4?
  - [x] Slide 14: I would drop “First” in “First connectivity test”
  - [x] 1 => 1st
  - [x] Better English for: Crucially: all pad trigger interface via FELIX! 
  - [x] ?? maybe: Bugs => corruption
  - [ ] <b>Slide 15: Why aren’t all the hits in the same BC, even if each pFEB may have a different delay.</b>
  - [x] Slide 17:I’ll remake the diagram without the done check marks and just list what is not yet complete.
  - [x] Slide 18: Need tech for interventions” do you mean technique?
  - [x] Slide 19: Maybe underline “estimate”
  - [x] Preparing for a measurement => Preparing for measurements
  - [x] and add (will differ from P1 only in known fibre lengths)
  - [x] Slide 23: What is the smallest step in phase? How broad is the optimal?
  - [x] What is the solid blue box on the right?
  - [x] Slide 24: I was confused until I saw the x10^3 hidden in the dark blue and guessed that each “run”, i.e. config, was for 1000 L1IDs. Try to clarify this in a graph caption.
  - [x] Slide 24: I was confused at first if this slide wants to summarize both ability for Sector commissioning as well as status of the TP functionality demonstrations, i.e. the split you mentioned on Slide 2. I think you need to summarize both. IN this case, Stage-1 basic trigger functionality is also “Many pieces ready”.
